{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 BlackJackSteps\
\
1. People place bets\
	a. Allow them to set their own purse value?\
	b. When they owe money they are out of the game? Or bet against their debt?\
2. Dealer deals 1 card to each player, face up\
3. Dealer deals self a card, face up\
4. Dealer deals 1 card to each player, face up\
5. Dealer deals self a card, face down	\
 5a. If dealers face up card is a 10 or Ace, players are allowed to place \'93Insurance\'94 bet.\
    Insurance bet is half of initial bet which they win if the dealer has black jack (Ace + any 10)\
6. Dealer checks if they have blackjack. If true they turn over their card to show table, and bets are collected from players who do not also have black jack if relevant insurance bets are paid out. \
    If dealer doesn\'92t have black jack then round proceeds and any players who do have black jack are paid.\
7. Remaining players take their actions, they can\
    -Stand i.e. do nothing move to next player\
    -Hit ask dealer for another card, if they have not busted they can Hit again or Stand. If they have busted their bet is taken by the house, move to next player.\
    -Double Down the player opts to double their bet and receives 1 more card but no more. \
    -Split only available if players initial 2 cards are equal rank. They can split them into 2 separate hands and play them individually. No idea how to do in code.\
    -Surrender must be first action of player, they get half their bet back and leave the game.\
8. Dealer reveals their face down card. If hand is less than 17 they hit till hand is greater than 17 (Ace rules vary). If Dealer busts all non busted players are winners.\
\
9. Payout rules}